q: When encountering the Knights Who Say NI!, what does cutting down a tree with a herring represent?
a: An expansion of scope
opt: A user story
opt: An expansion of scope
opt: The waterfall method of software development
opt: Continuous integration

q: Which of the following could be considered an epic?
a: Finding the Holy Grail
opt: Bringing a shrubbery to the Knights Who Say NI!
opt: Finding the Holy Grail
opt: The Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch
opt: Running away from the killer rabbit

q: Which of the following could be considered a sprint?
a: Walk through the forest
opt: Walk through the forest
opt: Find the Holy Grail
opt: The Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch
opt: Running away from the killer rabbit

q: Which of the following could be considered a story?
a: Bring a shrubbery to the Knights Who Say NI!
opt: Find the Holy Grail
opt: The Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch
opt: Run away from the killer rabbit
opt: Bring a shrubbery to the Knights Who Say NI!

q: Which of the following could be considered a task?
a: All of the above
opt: Find the shrubbery
opt: Carry the shrubbery back to the Knights who say NI!
opt: Place the shrubbery beside another shrubbery, only slightly higher
opt: All of the above

q: What are the acceptance requirements for the shrubbery?
a: One that looks nice and is not too expensive
opt: One that looks nice and has flowers
opt: One that looks nice and is very expensive
opt: One that looks nice and is not too expensive
opt: One that weighs the same as a duck

q: What is an example of a spike that might have been helpful to determine the number of storypoints allocated to finding a shrubbery?
a: Researching if there are any shrubbery vendors in the forest
opt: Researching if there are any shrubbery vendors in the forest
opt: Determining how many times a swallow needs to beat its wings in order to maintain air-speed velocity
opt: Looking up the capital of Assyria
opt: Consulting the Book of Armaments

q: The Knights of NI! violated the principles of Agile by changing a story after the sprint had begun
a: False
opt: True
opt: False

q: Which of the following was missing from the shrubbery story?
a: All of the above
opt: A written description of the story
opt: Storypoints
opt: Detailed requirements organized by must haves, might haves, and nice-to-haves.
opt: All of the above

q: Which of the following would be an acceptable next step to hearing about the changed requirements including cutting down a tree with a herring?
a: Discuss as a team to see if more resources, more time, or a reduced scope could be considered to help meet the sprint goals
opt: Discuss as a team to see if more resources, more time, or a reduced scope could be considered to help meet the sprint goals
opt: Increase the story's storypoints in the middle of the sprint because it just got harder
opt: Fire the Knights who say NI! since they are obviously not good at Agile
opt: Don't worry about the quality of the solution and just find a herring, even if it can't cut down a tree

